feat(api): addition of a new uninstall command (#776)
readmeio/api: docs/how-it-works.md

Reviewer: sorry for all the feedback in this file — i definitely plan on doing a full comb through our docs before we release v7

```
.api/
├── api.json               // The `package-lock.json` equivalent that records metadata about the
|                          // installed SDKs.
└── apis/
    ├── hoot/
    ├── readme/
    │   ├── dist/          // The compiled source for your SDK. For JS, we offer a single SDK that's

>     |   |                  // compatible with both ESM and CJS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |   |                  // fully typed and compatible with both ESM and CJS.
```

```
.api/
├── api.json               // The `package-lock.json` equivalent that records

> |                          // everything that's installed, when it was installed,
> |                          // what language was generated, what the original
> |                          // source was, and what version of `api` was used.

Reviewer: just b/c i don't love the idea of us having to update these docs every time we update the `api.json` schema

```suggestion
|                          // metadata about the installed SDKs.
```

└── apis/
    ├── hoot/
    ├── readme/

>     │   ├── dist/          // The compiled source for your SDK. For JS languages
>     |   |                  // we offer CJS and ESM compatible builds.

Reviewer: i think saying we have multiple builds might imply that they're separate SDKs? what do you think of this instead?

```suggestion
    │   ├── dist/          // The compiled source for your SDK. For JS,
    |   |                  // we offer a single SDK that's compatible with both ESM and CJS.
```

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://unpkg.com/api@7/schema.json",
  "apis": [
    {
      "private": true,

>       "identifier": "developers",
>       "source": "@developers/v2.0#nysezql0wwo236",

Reviewer: just b/c I'd rather the example be non-readme specific

```suggestion
      "identifier": "petstore",
      "source": "@petstore/v1.0#tl1e4kl1cl8eg8",
```
